So, if you've got this far in the course,
you may be wondering what next? How can you continue learning with
us? Well, you've got at least two other courses, you can check out immediately!
Firstly, I want to recommend Brice's course, which is
Procedural Generation. Brice, what's that all about? So, Procedural
Generation is all about giving you the content creation
superpower! If you want to create a game,
you want the game to be continually replayable, so that the
player can have a novel experience, every time they enter your game.
You can't do that on your own! There's just one of you or a single team even,
so you have to use what's called Procedural Generation, to randomly
generate content for your player, using
code basically. So, let's say you want to generate a new dungeon,
every time a player enters a new area, you can do that! Generate
buildings randomly, create villages completely procedurally,
so you don't have to create and design every individual village.
You simply code a method for creating villages in the
general sense, and then, the game creates villages
specifically for your player. So, it's really cool tecnhiques that's used from
all the way from Triple A titles.
Every single game you'll see will have procedurally
generated textures, for example, all the way to
indie titles like the Binding of Isaac or
Nuclear Throne and things like No Man's
Sky. Even the original elite on the BBC micro,
used Procedural Generation to create the unverse. So, that's a
really powerful tool, and Procedural Generation
the Procedural Generation course, at udemy.com
/proceduralgeneration, will teach you about that topic.
And that's a really good way of expanding your
game dev knowledge. Another great way is learning more about the physics,
and that's where Ben's course comes in. It's a really cool course
that teaches you more about physics. Do you want to say what's in the course, Ben?
Yeah, I'm really excited about this one, because I think that learning
physics and getting a grasp on it, through the medium of
Unity, when you've got that rich 3D environment and you've got a computer
doing all your calculatoins for you is amazing! So, what I've put together
so far is Newtons first three laws. We're going to dive in
and then teach you all about air resistance. We're going to build a better air
resistance and drag model than Unity has. We're then going to go
into gravity, and we're going to do a better job than Unity does with
gravity, so that you can have multiple bodies orbiting each other,
orbital mechanics, and basic things like that. So, at the
end of that course, you will not only have a much better understanding of how
Unity's Physics Engine works, and then hence better use it
better, but you'll know when it's time to stop using it and then write
your own Physics Engine from scratch. So, that's Game Physics
101, at udemy.com/gamephysics!
Awesome! We hope to see you in our courses!